On reflection of the past few months that have been used for the project, 
the goals we had set may have been too ambitious, i.e. building a diplomacy 
platform from the ground up including the server, the user client and the
AI and negotiation. However during this period we have still achieve a lot, but 
not with difficulties in coordinating the group and using the decided tools and 
languages. Working in a group is always a difficult task when there isn't an 
experienced project manager to watch over you and can be made more difficult 
by differences in personalities, abilities and in prioritising the group 
project over other work. 
Our first problem was that we had set out to do more than previous groups had 
ever done with this project. This included building our own server to run 
with the DAIDE protocol and our own user client which also runs on the same 
protocol. On top of this we also set out to build our own AI in Haskell and 
implement automated negotiation as well. Halfway through the project we found 
that building the server was taking far too much time and we made the decision 
to start working on the AI before we would run out of time. As there exists a 
windows DAIDE server we decided that we would run our AI bots for testing on 
there. In addition the user client also runs on top of the DAIDE server so this 
meant we could continue with the project and completing the main aims.
One of the main difficulties was getting the group up to a reasonable level 
with Haskell. Most members of the group didn't have much experience with 
Haskell and functional programming whereas one member was much more familiar 
with Haskell than the others. However the group decided that using Haskell 
would make writing the AI much easier and it was for this reason that we 
decided to use it as our main implementation language. 
Group/project management and prioritising work was also an issue, but this was 
mainly attributed to the lack of a project manager (only really available in a 
real working environment) and the amount of other work we had going on during 
term time including applications towards internships/placements.
Overall however, the group generally thought that there was an excellent 
amount of work that was put into the project and this is reflected by how big 
the code base is. In the future, it may have been a better idea to properly and 
realistically plan out the project timeline and carefully consider the team's 
abilities and skills before deciding which tools and technologies to use.
